curity line life can be unpredictable
and you may get stuck in a huge traffic
jam being a mere five minutes away from
the airport as you're running up to the
security check terribly late and close
to panic your first instinct might be to
ask other passengers to let you cut the
line
this behavior though is bad Airport
manners ask an airport staff member to
help you deal with the situation and
don't force your fellow travelers into a
moral dilemma should they refuse and
look insensitive or say yes and risk
missing their own flight
do not ask strangers to look after your
belongings it's not only risky can you
really trust someone you see for the
first time in life but it can also
inconvenience that person imagine
getting stuck in a Starbucks line while
the kind-hearted stranger is waiting for
you out there with your bags time passes
and it's their boarding time or their
name gets called what now should they
leave your stuff not to miss their
flight or wait until you get your daily
dose of caffeine please don't make them
choose be understanding if a security
agent doesn't seem overly polite
security agents have a lot to deal with
they have to repeat the same information
to thousands of travelers hundreds of
these travelers will still forget to
remove their liquids from suitcases and
put laptops and separate bins
no wonder agents may look tired and
unenthusiastic the only thing you can do
is listen to what they say and never
ever ever argue with staff members
switching seats is a touchy topic what
are the main unspoken rules when it
comes to seat switching is offer only an
equivalent or better option for example
if you ask someone to swap their economy
aisle seat for a higher class middle
seat it might pass as a valid offer but
asking for a window seat while offering
a middle one in the same class
unacceptable if you're asked to switch
seats with another passenger
feel free to decline politely you don't
have to give any explanation especially
if you've paid for additional comfort
like more legroom
do not grab seat backs on your way to
the laboratory
imagine how irritating it is for aisle
passengers to have their seats yank
every time someone is basketball for the
same reason
don't use the back of the seat in front
of you to pull yourself out of your
chair every time you get up do not just
have stand while your neighbor is trying
to get out of their seat if you're
unwilling to leave your chair your
neighbor will have to crawl over your
lap while they're trying to squeeze by
that's too close for comfort for
everyone involved in this awkward
situation the only way to save face is
to unbuckle your seat belt step into the
aisle and wait until your neighbor
leaves their seat no bare feet on the
plane it's one of the biggest no-nose of
air travel even if we omit the topic of
unpleasant odors picture several hundred
passengers removing their shoes and
socks at once move the airplane floor is
extremely filthy people with contagious
foot problems could be walking the
aisles barefoot there's likely to be a
lot of dirt left after previous
passengers and don't even get me started
on the floor in the bathrooms if your
feet need some freedom take off your
shoes but at least leave your socks on
or bring a pair of light slippers if you
can't lift your bag to the overhead bin
it's probably too heavy to be carry on
flight attendants don't have to help you
with your suitcase or bag if it's too
heavy to be lifted think about how many
people may get injured if it falls out
during turbulence plus overhead bins can
withstand only so much weight and if you
try to stuff your mega heavy luggage
inside they could collapse always try to
store your bag over your seat one day
you may come up to your seat and see
that the overhead bin is already packed
even though there's nobody in your row
yet some passengers like to store their
carry-on luggage one or two rows ahead
so that they can keep an eye on their
belongings
well first hand luggage theft is almost
unheard
Plus such a tactic is only problematic
travelers with occupied overhead bins
have to look for a free spot then they
squeeze their way back to their seats
the next wave of displaced passengers
start to search for a free space and so
on the end result confusion and flight
delays and now let's see how airplane
etiquette differs depending on your seat
if you travel into window seat you're in
charge of the window shape it gives you
a lot of advantages if you want to look
at the clouds open the blind if the Sun
is bothering you close it but if you see
that the glare prevents your neighbor
from seeing their screen pull the blind
down if your seat mate wants to take
pictures lean back and let them have a
great shot try your best to visit the
bathroom when your middle or aisle seat
neighbor goes there
don't make them stand up twice if you
can prevent it if you're a middle seat
occupant well you have my condolences
you have all the rights to claim the
armrest on both sides don't spread your
knees though they have to stay in when
the farthest seat is getting their drink
from a flight attendant he'll pass it
you could also find yourself in charge
of passing the aisle seat mates request
to the window seat neighbor sitting in
an aisle seat puts a lot of
responsibility on your shoulders you
might have to get up the most often to
let the others out please do it without
complaining
huffing or eye rolling you're supposed
to use just one armrest the aisle side
one always keep your feet and legs out
of the aisle they could get bumped by
food carts or trip passengers taking a
straw you're also the nearest person to
the in-flight call button it'll be your
responsibility for the whole roll don't
eat smelly food on a plane the cabin air
is stuffy enough please don't add an
aroma of fast food eggs or fish to it if
you won't get a meal during the flight
bring along some dry snacks like dried
fruit nuts or crackers avoid reclining
your seat unless it's absolutely
necessary if you've ever flown economy
you know how cramped the seats are and
how little personal space each passenger
has if you must require
your seat for example on a lengthy or
overnight flight or if you have back
problems always warn the person in the
seat behind you otherwise you could
accidentally hit them knock their food
tray over spill their drink or even
break their laptop which happens
unnerving ly often keep your
conversation short even if you've just
come across your new best friend and
your similar interest keep the dialog
flowing remember that other passengers
might not be as happy about this fateful
meeting when all you want is to close
your eyes and have a nap the last thing
you need is people chatting nearby
statistically 83 percent of passengers
think that all communication on a plane
should be limited to a smile and a
greeting avoid personal grooming
activities it doesn't mean you can't put
on some hand lotion or soothe your dry
eyes with drops but if you really must
brush your hair trim your nails or clean
your ears right now head for the
airplane lavatory do not crowd the
baggage claim belt leave at least
several feet of space between you and
the baggage carousel this way if someone
sees their bag approaching they'll
easily swoop in and get it standing up
against the belt won't make your
suitcase appear any faster got all that